API.md for Amperka SegM8 indicator libraries (#2)
amperka/MobyDig: API.md

# SegM8 API

## `class SegM8`

Creates an object of type `SegM8` to communicate with a chain of particular [SegM8 7-segment indicator modules](https://my.amperka.com/modules/SegM8).

> ### `SegM8(uint8_t pinCS, uint8_t devicesCount = 1)`

Reviewer: Here and everywhere:

```suggestion
### `SegM8(uint8_t pinCS, uint8_t deviceCount = 1)`
```

Author: done

Constructs a new SegM8 object that uses the default hardware SPI bus.

> - `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 board. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 2: I think, that instead of `pin used to` it would be better `pin is used to`.

Reviewer 3: That's correct @AlexErAmp, please request changes

> - `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 board. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin is used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 board. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
```

Author: ok

- `deviceCount`: the number of SegM8 modules connected in a daisy-chain. If omitted, defines a single module.

### `SegM8(uint8_t pinCS, uint8_t pinMOSI, uint8_t pinSCK, uint8_t devicesCount = 1)`

> Constructs a new object of data bus Software SPI with arguments:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Constructs a new SegM8 object that uses a software SPI bus.
```

Reviewer 4: Ditto as the description for Hardware SPI

Author: Ok

> - `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 2: The same: `pin used to` -> `pin is used to`

Reviewer 3: That's correct @AlexErAmp, please request changes

> - `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin is used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
```

Author: ok

> - `pinMOSI`: the MOSI (Master Out Slave In) pin used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked `DI` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 2: `pin used to` -> `pin is used to`

Reviewer 3: That's correct @AlexErAmp, please request changes

> - `pinMOSI`: the MOSI (Master Out Slave In) pin used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked `DI` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `pinMOSI`: the MOSI (Master Out Slave In) pin is used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked `DI` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
```

Author: ok

> - `pinSCK`: the clock pin used to clock pulses which synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked `CLK` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 2: `pin used to` -> `pin is used to`

Reviewer 3: That's correct @AlexErAmp, please request changes

> - `pinSCK`: the clock pin used to clock pulses which synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked `CLK` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `pinSCK`: the clock pin is used to clock pulses that synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked `CLK` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
```

Author: ok

> - `pinMOSI`: the MOSI (Master Out Slave In) pin is used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked `DI` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
> - `pinSCK`: the clock pin is used to clock pulses that synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked `CLK` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer: Keep C++ names match the board silk names

```suggestion
- `pinDI`: the data input pin used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked `DI` on the SegM8 module. In SPI terms known as MOSI (Master Out Slave In). Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `pinCLK`: the clock pin is used to clock pulses that synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked `CLK` on the SegM8 module. Also known as SCK in SPI terms. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
```

Author: done

- `deviceCount`: the number of SegM8 modules connected in a daisy-chain. If omitted, defines a single module.

> Difference between hardware and software SPI is interaction speed. Software SPI runs slower than hardware SPI but hardware SPI works only on specific board pins: `MOSI`, `MISO` (not used in SegM8) and `SCK`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between hardware and software SPI is interaction speed. Software SPI runs slower than hardware SPI but hardware SPI works only on specific board pins: `MOSI`, `MISO` (not used in SegM8) and `SCK`.
```

Author: done

### `void begin()`

Initializes the given interface, prepares the board for the communication, and sets all module segments to the 'dark' state.
Call this method before interacting with SegM8. For example, in the `setup()`.

### `void printf(const char* format, ...)`

Displays a 'c'-formatted string in a chain of `SegM8` indicator modules. The format string syntax matches the standard C `printf` function. For example: `Clock.printf("%2d:%2d",hours,minutes);`
The 7-segment indicator output supports digits, excluding floats, and limited support of English characters: except for `K,M,N,V,W,X,Z`. Note that the display of letters on a 7-segment indicator does not always correspond to their generally accepted look.
More supported characters: space, underscore, dot, minus, degree (at `^`). Unsupported characters are displayed as `blank space`.

> **Important: Arduino `xprintf` functions do not support `%f` format specifier correctly. Covert float/double in a string before printing the result.**

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Important: Arduino `xprintf` functions do not support `%f` format specifier correctly. Convert float/double in a string before printing the result.**
```

Reviewer 4: Literal error?

Author: Oh Pardon!

> **Important: Arduino `xprintf` functions do not support `%f` format specifier correctly. Convert float/double in a string before printing the result.**

Reviewer: No-no-no. No variadics in C++, please. It would be hell to maintain to work on all platforms correctly. Better offer several methods with clear intent:

```
void displayInt(int x, uint8_t flags);
void displayFloat(float x, int digits, uint8_t flags);
void displayString(const char* s, uint8_t flags);
```

where flags might be a combination of:

```
SegM8::ALIGN_LEFT
SegM8::ALIGN_RIGHT
SegM8::PAD_ZEROS
```

Author: done (some different)

> ### `void setSegments(uint8_t device, uint8_t segments)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `void writeSegments(uint8_t mask, uint8_t deviceIndex = 0)`
```

Author: done

> Display not ordinary symbol to the specified position, or control some special modules (for example [Octofet board](https://my.amperka.com/modules/octofet)) in chain. You can use special modules for emulate unsupported symbols: colon, semi-colon, plus, asterisk for example, using plane leds.

Reviewer 2: Display -> Displays, control -> controls, in chain -> in a chain.
`You can use special modules for emulate` -> `You can use special modules to emulate the` or `You can use special modules for emulation of the`

Reviewer 3: That is already in progress, thx

> Display not ordinary symbol to the specified position, or control some special modules (for example [Octofet board](https://my.amperka.com/modules/octofet)) in chain. You can use special modules for emulate unsupported symbols: colon, semi-colon, plus, asterisk for example, using plane leds.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Displays a special symbol in the specified position, or controls special modules, i.e. [Octofet board](https://my.amperka.com/modules/octofet)), arranged in a daisy-chain. Special modules can be used to emulate unsupported symbols: colon, semi-colon, plus, asterisk, etc. via plane LEDs or any other simple indicators.
```

> Displays a special symbol in the specified position, or controls special modules, i.e. [Octofet board](https://my.amperka.com/modules/octofet)), arranged in a daisy-chain. Special modules can be used to emulate unsupported symbols: colon, semi-colon, plus, asterisk, etc. via plane LEDs or any other simple indicators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a custom symbol in the specified position.
```

Author: done

> - `device` - `SegM8` the device number in a chain. Can be in range [0 : devicesCount-1].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `device` - `SegM8` the device number in a chain. Can be in the range [0 : devicesCount-1].
```

Author: ok

> - `device` - `SegM8` the device number in a chain. Can be in the range [0 : devicesCount-1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `device` - the SegM8 device number in the daisy-chain. May be in the range [0 .. deviceCount-1].
```

Author: done

> - `segments` - 8 bit pattern: one bit = one indicator segment. 0 - a, 1 - b ... 7 - h(dot).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `segments` - an 8-bit array. The ordinal number of the member of this array corresponds to the letter index of an indicator segment: 0 - a, 1 - b, <...>, 7 - h(dot).
```

Reviewer 3: @yurybotov, does it look better now?

Author: Yes

Constructs a new SegM8 object that uses the default hardware SPI bus.

- `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 board. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `deviceCount`: the number of SegM8 modules connected in a daisy-chain. If omitted, defines a single module.

### `SegM8(uint8_t pinCS, uint8_t pinMOSI, uint8_t pinSCK, uint8_t devicesCount = 1)`

Constructs a new object of data bus Software SPI with arguments:

- `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `pinMOSI`: the MOSI (Master Out Slave In) pin used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked `DI` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `pinSCK`: the clock pin used to clock pulses which synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked `CLK` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `deviceCount`: the number of SegM8 modules connected in a daisy-chain. If omitted, defines a single module.

> Difference between hardware and software SPI is speed. Software SPI runs slower than hardware SPI but hardware SPI works only on specific board pins: `MOSI`, `MISO` (not used in SegM8) and `SCK`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Difference between hardware and software SPI is interaction speed. Software SPI runs slower than hardware SPI but hardware SPI works only on specific board pins: `MOSI`, `MISO` (not used in SegM8) and `SCK`.
```

### `void begin()`

> Initializes the given interface, prepares the board for communication. All module segments are set to the 'dark' state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Initializes the given interface, prepares the board for the communication, and sets all module segments to the 'dark' state.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Author: don`t understand...

Author: ok

> Call this method before interfacing with SegM8. For example, in your `setup()`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Call this method before interacting with SegM8. For example, in the `setup()`.
```

### `void printf(const char* format, ...)`

> Displays a 'c'-formatted string on a chain of `SegM8` indicator modules. The format string syntax matches the standard C `printf` function. For example: `Clock.printf("%2d:%2d",hours,minutes);`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Displays a 'c'-formatted string in a chain of `SegM8` indicator modules. The format string syntax matches the standard C `printf` function. For example: `Clock.printf("%2d:%2d",hours,minutes);`
```

> The 7-segment indicator output supports digits, excluding floating-point, and limited support for English characters except of `K,M,N,V,W,X,Z`. Note that the display of letters on a 7-segment indicator does not always correspond to their generally accepted spelling.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The 7-segment indicator output supports digits, excluding floats, and limited support of English characters: except for `K,M,N,V,W,X,Z`. Note that the display of letters on a 7-segment indicator does not always correspond to their generally accepted look.
```

> Also supported are the characters: space, underscore, dot, minus, degree (at `^`). Unsupported characters are displayed as `blank space`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More supported characters: space, underscore, dot, minus, degree (at `^`). Unsupported characters are displayed as `blank space`.
```

> **Important: all Arduino xprintf functions does not support `%f` format specifier correctly, do the conversion float/double to a string yourself and print the result as a string.**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Important: Arduino `xprintf` functions do not support `%f` format specifier correctly. Covert float/double in a string before printing the result.**
```

### `void setSegments(uint8_t device, uint8_t segments)`

> Display not ordinary symbol to the specified position, or control some special modules (for example [Octofet board](https://my.amperka.com/modules/octofet)) in chain. You can use special modules for emulate unsupported symbols: colon, semi-colon, plus, asterisk for example, using plane leds.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Displays a special symbol in the specified position. To emulate an unsupported symbol: colon, semi-colon, plus, asterisk special modules may be used e.g. plane LEDs. It can be also used to control some special modules (for example [Octofet board](https://my.amperka.com/modules/octofet)) in a daisy-chain.
```

Author: Matthew, it is not right. Colon, semicolon, etc we can emulate only using octofet. It must be after link to octofet.

Reviewer 3: I don't understand. Why only octofet? Here is an initial sentence: «You can use special modules for emulate unsupported symbols: colon, semi-colon, plus, asterisk for example, using plane leds.» It says that we can emulate theese symbols with LEDS.

Author: Plane LEDs do not have SPI interface :) For controlling of LEDs we need some special devices - octofet for examle

> - `device` - `SegM8` device number in chain. Can be in range [0 : devicesCount-1].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `device` - `SegM8` the device number in a chain. Can be in range [0 : devicesCount-1].
```

> - `segments` - 8 bit pattern: one bit = one indicator segment. 0 - a, 1 - b ... 7 - h(dot).

Reviewer 3: What is (dot)?

Author: Dot == point

Author: segment 'h' is 'point' on module.

Reviewer 3: Still i don't understand what this sentence means)

# MobyDig API

## `class MobyDig`
Uses: class Spi2Parallel

> Create an object of type `MobyDig` to communicate with a particular [MobyDig 7-segment indicator modules](https://my.amperka.com/modules/mobydig).

Reviewer 2: Create -> Creates

Author: done

### `MobyDig(uint8_t pinCS, uint8_t devicesCount = 1)`

Constructs a new object of data bus Hardware SPI with arguments:

> - `pinCS`: pin Chip Select used for controls the shift-register latch. Any GPIO-pin can be used.

Reviewer 2: pinCS: pin Chip Select is used to control the shift-register latch.

Author: done

> - `devicesCount`: quantity of `MobyDig` modules connected in one chain: logical output pin headers of one module to the inputs of another. If the `devicesCount` argument is omitted, it used only one module `MobyDig`.

Reviewer 2: `devicesCount`: quantity of the `MobyDig` modules connected in a chain: logical output pin of one module is connected to the input of another. If the `devicesCount` argument is omitted, it used only one module `MobyDig`.

Author: done

### `MobyDig(uint8_t pinCS, uint8_t pinMOSI, uint8_t pinSCK, uint8_t devicesCount = 1)`

Constructs a new object of data bus Software SPI with arguments:

> - `pinCS`: pin Chip Select used for controls the shift-register latch. Any GPIO-pin can be used.

Reviewer 2: `pinCS`: pin Chip Select is used to control the shift-register latch.

Author: done

> - `pinMOSI`: pin for sending serial data to the peripherals. Any GPIO-pin can be used.

Reviewer 2: `pinMOSI`: pin MOSI is used to send the data to the peripherals.

Author: done

- `pinSCK`: pin the clock pulses which synchronize data transmission generated by the master. Any GPIO-pin can be used.
- `devicesCount`: quantity of MobyDig modules connected in one chain: logical output pin headers of one module to the inputs of another. If the `devicesCount` argument is omitted, it used only one `MobyDig` module.

> Difference between Hardware and Software SPI is speed – with software SPI it will run much slower than hardware SPI, but Hardware SPI works only on specific pins: `MOSI`, `MISO`(not used in MobyDig) and `SCK`. Use Software SPI only when Hardware SPI pins are used by other devices.

Reviewer 2: The difference between the hardware and the software SPI is in transmission speed and availability. The software SPI will run much slower than the hardware SPI, but the hardware SPI works only with specific pins: `MOSI`, `MISO`(not used in MobyDig) and `SCK`. Use the software SPI only when the hardware SPI pins are already used by other devices.

Author: done, and highlighted text 'MobyDig'

### `void begin(char* resetValues = NULL)`

Initializes the given SPI interface, prepares the board for communication. Important, call this method at least once, in your `setup()`.

- `resetValues`: states of indicators by default as char 'c'-string. One byte for one 7-segment module. If `resetValues` argument is adjusted, then when start or calling method `reset()`, indicator modules sets value by `resetValues`. If `resetValues` argument is omitted — all indicators sets in `blank space` state.

### `void printf(const char* format, ...)`

Displays a 'c'-formatted string on a chain of `MobyDig` indicator modules. The format string syntax matches the standard C `printf` function.
The 7 segment indicator output supports digits, including floating-point, and limited support for English characters, with the exception of `K,M,N,V,W,X,Z`. Note that the display of letters on a 7-segment indicator does not always correspond to their generally accepted spelling.
Also supported are the characters: space, underscore, dot, minus, degree (at `^`). Unsupported characters are displayed as `blank space`.

> Important: all Arduino xprintf functions does not support `%f` format specifyer correctly, do the conversion to a string yourself and print the result as a string.

Reviewer 2: specifyer -> specifier

> ### `void setSegment(uint8_t device, uint8_t segment)`

Reviewer 2: setSegment -> setSegments, segment -> segments

Author: done

Display any maybe not ordinary symbol to the specified position.
- `device` - `MobyDig` device number in chain. Can be in range [0 : devicesCount-1].
- `segment` - any symbol: one bit = one indicator segment. 0 - a, 1 - b ... 7 - h(dot).

### `void reset()`

Resets values all power switchers of all devices to default state.

> - If `resetValues` argument in constructs `MobyDig` is adjusted, indicator modules sets value by `resetValues`.

Reviewer 2: If the `resetValues` argument in the `MobyDig` constructor is adjusted, indicator modules are set by the `resetValues`.

Author: done, but with a fix: we move resetValue from constructor to begin the method

# SegM8 API

## `class SegM8`

> Creates an object of type `SegM8` to communicate with a chain of particular [SegM8 7-segment indicator modules](https://my.amperka.com/modules/SegM8).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Create an object of type `SegM8` to communicate with a chain of particular [SegM8 7-segment indicator modules](https://my.amperka.com/modules/SegM8).
```

Reviewer 4: `Creates`->`Create`
Exactly:
https://github.com/amperka/AmperkaCCS811/pull/1#discussion_r428543110

### `SegM8(uint8_t pinCS, uint8_t deviceCount = 1)`

Constructs a new SegM8 object that uses the default hardware SPI bus.

> - `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin is used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 board. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin is used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 board. Use any GPIO pin of the controller.
```

Reviewer 4: This sentence appears to be written in the passive voice. Consider writing in the active voice. If like, then repeat in the rest of the descriptions.

Reviewer 3: "Grammarly" copy-paste? =)
While usually passive voice indeed has to be avoided, here this structure stresses "Any GPIO". These two words contain the main message of the sentence, so when reading a user can actually skip the rest of the phrase.

Author: "Grammarly" is not working when i in my home :(

Reviewer 4: So choose the option: my or current?

- `pinCS`: the chip select (also known as slave select) pin is used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked `CS` on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `pinDI`: the data input pin used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked `DI` on the SegM8 module. In SPI terms known as MOSI (Master Out Slave In). Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `pinCLK`: the clock pin is used to clock pulses that synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked `CLK` on the SegM8 module. Also known as SCK in SPI terms. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `deviceCount`: the number of SegM8 modules connected in a daisy-chain. If omitted, defines a single module.

The difference between hardware and software SPI is interaction speed. Software SPI runs slower than hardware SPI but hardware SPI works only on specific board pins: `MOSI`, `MISO` (not used in SegM8) and `SCK`.

### `void begin()`

Initializes the given interface, prepares the board for the communication, and sets all module segments to the 'dark' state.
Call this method before interacting with SegM8. For example, in the `setup()`.

### `void startBatch(void)`

> The begin of output transaction. Moves current output pointer to begin of daisy-chain;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The begin of output transaction. Moves current output pointer to the beginning of the daisy-chain;
```

> The begin of output transaction. Moves current output pointer to begin of daisy-chain;

Reviewer 4: Does the user need this function?
I want to display data on indicators without thinking about the current pointer.

Author: please look email

### `void display(int n, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT)`
### `void display(unsigned int u, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT + SEGM8_RADIX_10)`
### `void display(float x, uint8_t width, uint8_t precission = 1, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_LEFT)`

> ### `void display(const char* s, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_LEFT)`

Reviewer 2: How about adding a method that also accepts a `String` type in the parameter list?

Author: It seemed to me that this is redundant for a number of reasons. This indicator is initially numeric, not alphanumeric. Pseudo-letters are used only to display units or special characters. There is no need to somehow handle these pseudo-strings; just set them simply as `const char*`. Is it logical?

Reviewer 2: I thought that users use String more often: it is easier to concatenate, compare, convert to other types, etc. It might be convenient for the user to do something like: 
`display(String(some_int_value) + "-" + String(some_int_value))`.
Secondly, if the method accepts a parameter of type `String`, the user will be able to call it as `display("Some c-string")` without explicit casting. And if the method takes a parameter of type `const char *`, and the user wants to pass it a `String`, he will have to do something like `display(String_object.c_str())`.
On the other hand it really can be overkill. What do you think about this?

Author: Ok. I will add it. It is not hard.

Author: Done

> Prints fixed `width` number or text line to the output buffer in current position of output pointer, and move output pointer to the end of printed area.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Prints fixed `width` number or text line to the output buffer in the current position of output pointer and moves output pointer to the end of printed area.
```

- `n`,`u`,`x`: integer or floating point numbers.

> - `s`: text line.

Reviewer 2: Use more meaningful parameter names.

Author: OK

Author: Done

> - `width`: a segM8 modules count, needed for number or text representation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `width`: a segM8 modules count, needed for the number or text representation.
```

> - `precission`: in display float is a decimal places quantity.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `precission`: decimal places count of a float.
```

> - `flags`: is formatting flags, you can add somewhat consistent flags separated by `+` or `|` sign.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `flags`: formatting flags. You can add somewhat consistent flags separated by `+` or `|` sign.
```

> 

Reviewer 4: 1. Difficult for reading. I suggest writing a description of each function.
2. Why the name of the function `display`, can take the most common method in Arduino IDE: `print`.

Author: Arduino `print` is strimming output without formatting. `display` here - formatted output.

Reviewer 4: > Arduino `print` is strimming output without formatting. `display` here - formatted output.

OK

> 1. Difficult for reading. I suggest writing a description of each function.

Can you comment?

Available formatting flags:
- `SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT` - align to right corner
- `SEGM8_ALIGN_LEFT` - align to left corner

> - `SEGM8_PAD_ZEROS` - add leading zeros before number, compatible only with SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT and integer numbers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `SEGM8_PAD_ZEROS` - add leading zeros before the number. Compatible only with SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT and integer numbers.
```

- `SEGM8_RADIX_10` - use radix 10, only for unsigned int numbers.
- `SEGM8_RADIX_16` - use radix 16, only for unsigned int numbers.

> ### `void endBatch(void)`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### `void update(void)`
```

Reviewer 4: Usually, use the name `update` when you need to update the buffer on the screen. Also, I suggest adding a function `autoUpdate.`

Author: please look email

Reviewer 4: OK, leave the current name.

> The end of output transaction. Uploads output buffer to modules daisy-chain.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The end of the output transaction. Uploads output buffer to the modules in the daisy-chain.
```

### `void writeSegments(uint8_t mask, uint8_t deviceIndex = 0)`

Displays a custom symbol in the specified position.
- `mask` - an 8-bit array. The ordinal number of the member of this array corresponds to the letter index of an indicator segment: 0 - a, 1 - b, <...>, 7 - h(dot).

> - `deviceIndex` - the SegM8 the device number in a daisy-chain. Can be in the range [0 : deviceCount-1].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `deviceIndex` - A SegM8 device number in the daisy-chain. Can be in the range [0 : deviceCount-1].
```

- `pinDI`: the data input pin used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked `DI` on the SegM8 module. In SPI terms known as MOSI (Master Out Slave In). Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `pinCLK`: the clock pin is used to clock pulses that synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked `CLK` on the SegM8 module. Also known as SCK in SPI terms. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `deviceCount`: the number of SegM8 modules connected in a daisy-chain. If omitted, defines a single module.

The difference between hardware and software SPI is interaction speed. Software SPI runs slower than hardware SPI but hardware SPI works only on specific board pins: `MOSI`, `MISO` (not used in SegM8) and `SCK`.

### `void begin()`

Initializes the given interface, prepares the board for the communication, and sets all module segments to the 'dark' state.
Call this method before interacting with SegM8. For example, in the `setup()`.

### `void startBatch(void)`

The begin of output transaction. Moves current output pointer to the beginning of the daisy-chain;

> ### `void display(int number, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT)`

Reviewer 2: What about the type of `long`? If the user decides to use it, he will get an error that the method call is ambiguous, because there are several types of type conversion. Or do we assume that the user should not use the `long` type?

Author: The power supply of the module is such that more than 6 modules will be difficult to power from a single source. It is necessary to power up groups of segments from different sources, and this is difficult for a dumb user.

Reviewer 2: The user can take a variable of type `long` from some third-party library/example and pass it to the method, which will cause a compilation error. And maybe there is a user who decides to display very large numbers. At least we don't say the opposite anywhere.

Author: "maybe there is a user who decides to display very large numbers" .. for example? 
I can’t come up with this. 
Large displays are designed to understand and realize something at a glance, and not to peer at each digit in huge numbers. There are logs for this.

Reviewer 2: The number of seconds since January 1, 1970, or how much time is left until a certain event, or the amount of money in your current account, or the public debt of America :) I agree that these are very rare use cases. But the key point here is that we are not talking about the fact that it’s impossible. I think we need a third opinion. @Matthew3000 @igor605ds What do you think?

Author: Done in new version

# SegM8 API

## `class SegM8`

> Create an object of type `SegM8` to communicate with a chain of particular [SegM8 7-segment indicator modules](https://my.amperka.com/modules/SegM8).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create an object of type `SegM8` to communicate with a chain of a particular [SegM8 7-segment indicator modules](https://my.amperka.com/modules/SegM8).
```

- `pinCS`: the *chip select* (also known as *slave select*) pin is used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked **CS** on the SegM8 board. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `deviceCount`: the number of SegM8 modules connected in a daisy-chain. If omitted, defines a single module.

### `SegM8(uint8_t pinCS, uint8_t pinDI, uint8_t pinCLK, uint8_t deviceCount = 1)`

Constructs a new SegM8 object that uses a software SPI bus.

- `pinCS`: the *chip select* (also known as *slave select*) pin is used to control the shift-register latch. It is marked **CS** on the SegM8 module. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `pinDI`: the *data input* pin used to send data to the peripherals. It is marked **DI** on the SegM8 module. In SPI terms known as **MOSI** (Master Out Slave In). Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `pinCLK`: the *clock* pin is used to clock pulses that synchronize data transmission generated by the master. It is marked **CLK** on the SegM8 module. Also known as **SCK** in SPI terms. Any GPIO pin of the controller may be used.
- `deviceCount`: the number of SegM8 modules connected in a daisy-chain. If omitted, defines a single module.

> The difference between hardware and software SPI is interaction speed. Software SPI runs slower than hardware SPI but hardware SPI works only on specific board pins: **MOSI**, **MISO** (not used in SegM8) and **SCK**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Hardware and software SPI differ in interaction speed. Software SPI runs slower than hardware SPI but hardware SPI works only on specific board pins: **MOSI**, **MISO** (not used in SegM8), and **SCK**.
```

### `void begin()`

> Initializes the given interface, clears the internal buffer, and sets all module segments to the «dark» state.

Reviewer 2: In English, typographic quotes are used: “ (open quote, Alt 0147) and ” (close quote, Alt 0148).
```suggestion
Initializes the given interface, clears the internal buffer, and sets all module segments to the “dark” state.
```

> Initializes the given interface, clear internal buffer, and sets all module segments to the «dark» state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Initializes the given interface, clears the internal buffer, and sets all module segments to the «dark» state.
```

Call this method before interacting with SegM8. For example, in the `setup()`.

### `void clear()`

> Sets all module segments to the «dark» state. Clears the internal buffer.

Reviewer 2: See previous comment
```suggestion
Sets all module segments to the “dark” state. Clears the internal buffer.
```

> Sets all module segments to the «dark» state. Clear internal buffer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets all module segments to the «dark» state. Clears the internal buffer.
```

### `void display(int number, uint8_t position, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT)`

### `void display(unsigned int number, uint8_t position, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT | SEGM8_RADIX_10)`

### `void display(long number, uint8_t position, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT)`

### `void display(unsigned long number, uint8_t position, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT | SEGM8_RADIX_10)`

### `void display(float number, uint8_t position, uint8_t width, uint8_t precission = 1, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_LEFT)`

### `void display(const char* string, uint8_t position, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_LEFT)`

### `void display(String string, uint8_t position, uint8_t width, uint8_t flags = SEGM8_ALIGN_LEFT)`

> Prints fixed `width` number or text line to the `position` of output buffer, using formatting `flags`. Moves the contents of the buffer to the indicator daisy-chain Note: the `.` sign does not occupy a separate module at the output, but is displayed in the previous module.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Prints a number or a text line of a fixed `width` starting with the `position` to the output buffer using formatting `flags`. Moves the contents of the buffer to the indicator daisy-chain. Note: the `.` sign does not occupy a separate module and is displayed with the previous character.
```

Author: Please look email

Reviewer 3: done

> When printing text strings, the interpretation of characters in indicator segments is used; for unsupported characters **K, M, N, V, W, X, Z**, an `underscore` is displayed (segment **a**).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When printing text strings, the interpretation of characters in indicator segments is used. Instead of unsupported characters (e.g. **K, M, N, V, W, X, Z**) an `underscore` is displayed (segment **a**).
```

> When printing text strings, the interpretation of characters in indicator segments is used. Instead of unsupported characters (e.g. **K, M, V, W, X, Z**) an `top underline` is displayed (segment **a**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When printing text strings, the interpretation of characters in indicator segments is used. Instead of unsupported characters (e.g. **K, M, V, W, X, Z**) an overline is displayed (segment **a**).
```

- `number`: integer or floating point numbers.
- `string`: text line.
- `position`: starting position of the output of a string or number in the internal buffer.

> - `width`: the number of elements of the internal buffer, and, accordingly, SegM8 modules, necessary for the number or text representation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `width`: the number of elements in the internal buffer, and accordingly the number of SegM8 modules needed to display a number or a text.
```

- `precission`: decimal places count of a float.
- `flags`: formatting flags. You can add somewhat consistent flags separated by `|` sign.

Available formatting flags:

> - `SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT` — align to right corner. Default state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT` — align to the right corner. Default state.
```

> - `SEGM8_ALIGN_LEFT` — align to left corner

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `SEGM8_ALIGN_LEFT` — align to the left corner.
```

- `SEGM8_PAD_ZEROS` — add leading zeros before the number. Compatible only with SEGM8_ALIGN_RIGHT.
- `SEGM8_RADIX_10` — use radix 10. Default state.
- `SEGM8_RADIX_16` — use radix 16, only for unsigned int numbers.

### `void writeSegments(uint8_t mask, uint8_t deviceIndex = 0)`

Displays a custom symbol in the specified position.

- `mask` — an 8-bit array. The ordinal number of the member of this array corresponds to the letter index of an indicator segment: 0–a, 1–b, <...>, 7–h(dot).

> - `deviceIndex` - A SegM8 device number in the daisy-chain. Can be in the range [0 : deviceCount−1].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `deviceIndex` - A SegM8 device ordinal number in the daisy-chain. Can be in the range [0 : deviceCount−1].
```
